This is Colonel De Noon, Springfield, Missouri, and the song that I'm a-singin' entitled to Risslety rosselty.
I made me wife in the month of June, Risslety rosselty, na-na-na, took her home by the light of the moon.
Risslety rosselty, hey-don risselty, nikelty, nakelty, risselty, rosselty, willety, wallety, na-na-na.
Oh, she swept her floor but once a year.
Risslety, rosselty, na-na-na.
She for her brooms is all too dear.
Risslety, rosselty, hey-don rosselty, nikelty, nakelty, risselty, rosselty, willety, wallety, na-na-na.
Oh, she combed her hair but once a year.
Risslety, rosselty na-na-na.
Risslety, rosselty, nikelty, nakelty, risselty, rosselty, willety, wallety, na-na-na.
Oh, she churned her butter in that gold booth. Risslety, rosselty na-na-na.
And for a dye, she used her foot. Risslety, rosselty, hey-don rosselty, nikelty, nakelty, risselty, rosselty, willety, wallety, na-na-na.
Oh, the butter turned to a grizzly gray.
Risslety, rosselty na-na-na.
The cheese took legs and ran away.
Risslety, rosselty, hey-don rosselty, nikelty, nakelty, risselty, rosselty, willety, wallety, na-na-na.
Oh, the saddle and battle is on no dip. Risslety, rosselty na-na-na.
You want it no more, you must sing it yourself. Risslety, rosselty, hey-don rosselty, nikelty, nakelty, risselty, rosselty, willety, wallety, na-na-na.